Removed demotivating message (: (#96)
conprof/conprof: README.md

# conprof - Continuous Profiling

> > NOTE: Conprof is already used on production however it's still in active devlopment phase. APIs are prone to change. Otherwise you are welcome to use Conprof and don't forget to give us feedback!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Conprof is already used in production, however, it's still in active development. APIs are prone to change. Otherwise, you are welcome to use Conprof, and don't forget to give us feedback!
```

> > NOTE: ConProf is already used on production however it's still in active devlopment phase. APIs are prone to change. Otherwise you are welcome to use ConProf and don't forget to give usRE feedback!

Reviewer: It's Conprof :)

Author: Damn ;p
